# Fall 2019 Senior Capstone — Assignment 3 (Design, Front-End Implementation, Data Organization Verification, and JavaScript Templating)

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Introduction
In this next-to-last sprint, which will span three weeks instead of two, you and your team will design and implement the front-end of your projects, verify that the organization of your data is sound by “walking” across it using JavaScript, and employ the JavaScript templating language Nunjucks to render the contents of your data via MVC methodologies.

---

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

---

## Repo Ownership
The ownership and collaboration structure implemented for the first two assignments will persist throughout this and the next assignment.

---

## Sprint Planning
Continue to follow all the rules associated with sprint planning that you’ve practiced thus far.

---

## The Rules
### Design
* Use between 1–3 `.woff` or .`woff2` fonts, neither of which can be in the Times or Helvetica family. These must be served via the `http` protocol.
* Use between 1–2 colors, outside of the neutrals, for the color palette.
* Your designs must respond to desktop, tablet, and mobile devices. For example, you might choose 1024 pixels for desktop, 768 pixels for tablet, and 400 pixels for mobile. (For other common screen size dimensions, open Chrome’s Dev Tools (`command + option + I` in Mac or `cntrl + option + I` in Windows), then toggle the device toolbar (`command + shift + M` in Mac or `cntrl + shift + I`).) If you chose 80-pixel grid units (`60px` column + `20px` gutter), then 12 grid units would be used for desktop with 32-pixel margins (`(1024 - (12 × 80)) / 2 = 32`); 9 units for tablet with 24-pixel margins (`(768 - (9 × 80)) / 2 = 24`); and, 5 units for mobile with no margins (`400 - (5 × 80) = 0`).
* Ensure your images observe correct ratios. For example, if some have dimensions of `1024×768` (a ratio of `4:3`) and others have dimensions of `1024×780` (a ratio of `256:195`, and probably a mistake), then you have differing ratios. You’ll need to either make all your images `4:3` or `256:195`. We’ll discuss ratios in class. Visit [this link](https://www.calculatorsoup.com/calculators/math/ratios.php) to help you to calculate ratios.

### Website
The entire design of your project should yield a working web site, complete with pages, links, and content, into the `prod` folder, discussed below.

---

## Project Scaffold Using MVC (Model, View, Controller)
Using the MVC ideas discussed in class during the week of 27 October 2019, this project requires that you break up all files and logic to work in an MVC software design pattern. Thus, your entire project must go in the various folders under the `app` folder. Most have a `README.md` file that explains each folder’s role in the overall scheme of your MVC-based project, and each folder’s name is self-documenting.

---

## Task Running
* You must employ all the Gulp tasks from the previous assignment, including `build` for production and `serve` for development. **Some starter tasks are already included in `gulpfile.js`**.
* The `build` task must create a folder called `prod` that contains your entire web site, complete with all dependencies.
* You must transpile Sass to CSS.
* If you use JavaScript, you must transpile ES5 to ES6 using Babel.
* The development track must compile your HTML/Nunjucks into HTML.
* The production track must compile your HTML/Nunjucks into *compressed* HTML.

### Linters
* Note that this repo contains `.babelrc`, `.eslintrc.json`, `.editorconfig`, and `.sass-lint.yml`. Except for `.babelrc`, each of these files is empty. Put in each file the conventions your teams has agreed to observe for JavaScript (`.eslintrc.json`), text editing (`.editorconfig`), and Sass (`.sass-lint.yml`).

---

## 📅 Due Date
**Friday, 22 November 2019, at 8:00 AM. 🚫 _No late work will be accepted._**

---

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your forked was created, before the deadline. [Look at these videos](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/) for help on how to do so.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. 🚫 **_No other form of submission will be accepted_**.

---

## 📝 Grading
| Item                                             | Points |
|--------------------------------------------------|:------:|
| *Logical use of the MVC software design pattern* | `40`   |
| *Overall quality of code*                        | `30`   |
| *Overall quality of UI/UX*                       | `30`   |
